I know you start smelling bacon cooking
and you think is it breakfast time but
in our house it could be lunch or dinner
especially if we're making this amazing
pasta dish spaghetti carbonara which is
one of our all-time favorites in our
family I'm starting by cutting four
strips of bacon or five depending on the
size you can see how wide this end is
and how narrow this is so we're it's
wide I just cut it in half and then just
cut Oh about 1/2 inch pieces this is a
dish that at any given time has been
miles favorite dish
Lucas favorite dish and I can tell you
that when I come home from a long day at
work and I have no time and this can
cook pretty much in the amount of time
that it takes to cook the pasta it is
like the ultimate comfort food for me
I've heated my pan
I'm putting the bacon right in there
should be enough back here to prevent it
from sticking but if you have any
concerns about that why not add another
fat it's a good fat olive oil and just
you know sprinkle a little bit over that
the pasta is boiling away I put it in
trying to time it perfectly it should
cook for about 8 to 10 minutes and just
let it boil away I always salt my water
for my pasta that's really important now
here's a like put the essence simple for
this dish I have my final pasta bowl
here and I'm just going to break 3 eggs
right in and what's happening here this
is going to create the kind of creamy
sauce without cream because once the
heat of the pasta hits the final pasta
bowl that's going to be just enough to
cook the eggs without really making them
you know scrambled so one cup of
Parmesan cheese and fresh parmesan and a
chunk can't be beat for this because the
flavor is so amazing but if you buy
yours already grated that's fine too you
know whatever works for you and gets you
in the kitchen cooking so they are maybe
that's a little more than a cup that's
okay
bacon is sizzling away this just gets
scrambled with the cheese
give a good great of pepper we're almost
there
so you can see how a twelve year old
would really be able to make this mix it
up and really make sure that you combine
the cheese with the egg all right let's
check the bacon I would say just a few
more seconds but that's perfect cuz I'm
gonna taste the pasta
always make sure your pasta is in good
shape before you finish your dish all
right
mmm perfect firm not too soft not too
hard now I am going to put this pasta
straight into the pot why well I want to
create a little bit of sauce with the
liquid all right this burner is turned
off I'm just going to get the last
little bit of pasta so I just want to
stir this around a bit the fat from the
bacon mixes with that hot liquid and
creates an actual sauce okay now what
has happened over here is we have yes I
know raw eggs but the minute this warm
pasta hits this it's going to start to
cook but not too fast it's just gonna
cream together so I'll come back to this
in a second but I just want to get it
mixing so I don't overcook these eggs
and it just starts to make a beautiful
creamy sauce oh this is exactly the way
it's supposed to look you'll be able to
serve oh I don't know four to six people
let me just get the rest out of the pot
give it a go
if it's the first time you've ever
cooked a pasta dish you are gonna be
successful for with this one and
everybody is going to love you for it
I'm gonna give it a little taste can't
help myself
hmm I'm swooning